she's not rocking wenting now what
ammonia that's y'all yes like that
before you criticize analyze the
mastermind behind the wall clock yelling
this is my time to shine on a rainy day
if you take this take your weight I've
known to be the greatest some heavy
biggie
Cassie's plays all that shit you fucking
this irrelevant I'm keeping it above
like in the window Testament predator
you bet it in cleaning then I reverence
confession service in the church on the
flow it has no end feeling like I can do
it all with paper and pen no sublimino
you faggots on my genitals hey in my
every move as I'm trying to reach my
pinnacle they say hey mister that's a
hole a mac-11 and telling me going to
heaven since I was born and raised never
had the white
but I'm only six people the message but
I'm looking for some troubles they wanna
rub Oh like WWE but when eyes for me I'm
humble and Lola telling you is just
share alike